Update design documentation (#648)
osrf/rmw_zenoh: docs/design.md

| Config | Zenoh Session | Zenoh Router  |
| :---:           | :---:                | :---:            |
| Default config file  | [DEFAULT_RMW_ZENOH_SESSION_CONFIG.json5](../rmw_zenoh_cpp/config/DEFAULT_RMW_ZENOH_SESSION_CONFIG.json5) | [DEFAULT_RMW_ZENOH_ROUTER_CONFIG.json5](../rmw_zenoh_cpp/config/DEFAULT_RMW_ZENOH_ROUTER_CONFIG.json5) |
| Environment variable | `ZENOH_SESSION_CONFIG_URI` | `ZENOH_ROUTER_CONFIG_URI` |
| Mode                 | peer                       | router                    |
| Listen               | `tcp/localhost:0`          | `tcp/[::]:7447`           |
| Connect              | `tcp/localhost:7447`       | -                         |
| Gossip Scouting      | Enabled                    | Enabled                   |
| UDP Multicast        | Disabled                   | Disabled                  |

**The Router** is listening for incoming TCP connections port 7447 for all available interfaces (`tcp/[::]:7447`).

**The Sessions** connect to the local Router via the loopback interface (`tcp/localhost:7447`). They also listen for incoming TCP connections via the loopback on a port chosen by the OS (`tcp/localhost:0`).

> **The Gossip Scouting** protocol is enabled to allow the router to discover the endpoints (IP+port) used by each connecting Session and to forward those endpoints to the other Sessions. As a result, Sessions can create peer-to-peer connections over the loopback..

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
**The Gossip Scouting** protocol is enabled to allow the router to discover the endpoints (IP:port) used by each connecting Session and to forward those endpoints to the other Sessions. As a result, Sessions can create peer-to-peer connections over the loopback interface.
```

* rmw_serialize
* rmw_deserialize

### Related Zenoh APIs

N/A

## Topic and Service name mapping to Zenoh key expressions

With Zenoh a pub/sub pair or querier/queryable pair with matching key expressions can communicate regardless of the data type, the encoding, or the QoS.

> As a consequence, to ensure that `rmw_zenoh_cpp` behaves similarly to other RMWs, the key expressions have been designed to:

Reviewer: Suggestion to make the contrast clear
```suggestion
Zenoh inherently allows any pub/sub or querier/queryable pair to communicate, irrespective of their data type, encoding, or QoS, as long as their key expressions match.

In contrast, to ensure rmw_zenoh_cpp aligns with the behavior of other RMW implementations, its key expressions have been specifically designed to
```
